---
layout: page
title: "Inbox"
subtitle: "Inbox"
category: inbox
date: 2015-05-14 12:00:00
order: 1
---
Inbox Message functionality allows you to send alerts with an inbox message or just an inbox message.

For Inbox-only Messages, the JB4A SDK downloads new messages each time your app comes into the foreground.

You must configure your app to display these messages. Ensure you enable the CLOUDPAGES property in your AppDelegate.m file. The SDK provides a TableView Datasource for you to use in a ViewController to display the Inbox-only messages sent from the Marketing Cloud. The ViewController you create essentially creates an inbox in your app to display these messages.  When these messages are downloaded, they are added to the Datasource only.  No alerts for these messages are displayed.

<script src="https://gist.github.com/sfmc-mobilepushsdk/3baee2f078072a8331146577230dd709.js"></script>

<div id="CPDelegate">You can override this functionality by implementing the ExactTargetCloudPageWithAlertDelegate, which will allow you to handle the URL any way you choose.</div>

1.	Add the ExactTargetCloudPageWithAlertDelegate protocol to your class.

	<script src="https://gist.github.com/sfmc-mobilepushsdk/f582cc17d22723d590c28c706a42e7d1.js"></script>

1. Set the delegate to your class.

    <script src="https://gist.github.com/sfmc-mobilepushsdk/e3df64163d067f3b559b84c057b82499.js"></script>

1.	Implement the delegate method that will allow you to handle the CloudPage URL with your own code.  This delegate method will be called when a notification is tapped that has a CloudPage URL in the payload.

	<script src="https://gist.github.com/sfmc-mobilepushsdk/a8a1922c436db0224038c9e337dc8a99.js"></script>

1.  Implement the delegate method that will indicate whether you want this delegate called when the app is in the foreground.

	<script src="https://gist.github.com/sfmc-mobilepushsdk/74ca87449cf6e782a8ddbb3ebaea3586.js"></script>

For more information, see the [ExactTargetCloudPageWithAlertDelegate Protocol Reference]({{ site.baseurl }}/appledoc/Protocols/ExactTargetCloudPageWithAlertDelegate.html).

Here is the full breakdown of MobilePush Message consumption:

* Each MobilePush Message Alert consumes one additional MobilePush Message
* Each MobilePush Alert+CloudPage consumes one MobilePush Message
* Each MobilePush Inbox-Only Message consumes one MobilePush Message
* Each MobilePush Alert+Inbox Message consumes two MobilePush Messages
* Each Badge App Icon added to a MobilePush Inbox-Only Message consumes one additional MobilePush Message, in addition to the one MobilePush Message consumed with each Inbox-Only Message

For alerts, the app displays a badge count of 1 no matter how many alerts you send. If you also send messages to an inbox, the app adds the number of unread messages to the alert count for the total count. For messages sent to the system and not yet downloaded to the inbox, the SDK displays the expected number of unread messages plus one. Messages marked as read or unread change the count as applicable. When your app goes to the background, the SDK sets the alert count to 0 and the inbox count to the number of unread messages.

Review the [Analytics page]({{ site.baseurl }}/features/analytics.html) for information on gathering tracking information on Inbox messages.
